>> Will Sentance: You know what?
It is pair programming, it's time,
we're taking this very nicely paced,
it's wonderful,
we're gonna do some pair programming,
folks.
I think at this point,
get back back with your same partners,
go to csbin.io/closures and
you're gonna see what we did here, and
you're gonna start to see a whole
bunch of closure challenges.
Right after a 20 minute
pair programming session,
we're gonna come back together and
we're gonna see how closure works
under the hood and
we're talking lexical scoping.
I'm going to tell you the one five letter
word, not a word five, word phrase that
will, I'm not to make this joke anymore
because somebody apparently was upset that
it definitely did not get them a senior
developer job for knowing this phrase.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: So but if you know
this phrase, you will get a senior
developer job like that, I want to promise
you right now you say those five words,
you're gonna see it in another country.
All right, back to pair programming.